Project Functionality

1. Distance on MainActivity is meant to show the distance covered by calculating difference between longitude and latitude.
2. Time on MainActivity is meant to show duration for the distance covered.
3. Start Button to start walking/running and catch the starting location
4. Stop Button to stop walking and catch end location
5. Step detection
6. calculate calories burned
7. show history (Bar Graph)
8. Notify user about his performance (for taking static value)    
9. Maintain data in SQLite

 Accomplished Task											Time

1. Splash Screen											1/2 hr
2. Implementing styles	for splash screen								1 hr
3. Downloading,integrating and using new typeface under assets						1/2 hr
4. Downloading color palette to be used as background for splash screen					1/2 hr
5. Making splash screen presentable 
6. Reading about how to check for Location is On/OFF							2 hr
7. Code to check whether Location is On. If No, then call ACTION_LOCATION_SOURCE_SETTINGS 		2 hr
	to enable location
8. Fucntionality Achieved										
6. Reading how to install and use Google Play Services for using Fused Location Provider API's		2 hr	
7. Install packages required for google play services							1 hr
8. Install Google Play Services SDK									1 hr
9. Set up project that uses google play services							1 hr
10. Reading about using Fused Location Provider classes and functions					1 hr
11. Wrote classes and functions to use API's								1 hr
12. First created a seperate class to handle location related operation					1 hr
    and call this class through intent	- (Wrong logic)		
13. Changed code as MainActivity class will only include all operations					2 hr
     because no new activity is launched when Start Button is pressed 
14. Big issue of Couldn't handle android.intent.package_ADDED, REMOVED, REPLACED			4 hr
	error in logcat
15. Searchng for the issue (Problem: App didn't crashed but didn't launched and 
	required manually to go in menu and run it. Logcat blocked)
16.  Problem still exists
17. wrote the logic to get location in TextView. Send longitude and latitude using Emulator Control.    1 hr
18. Creating database with fields Latitude, Longtude and Time
19. Writing Helper class to implement database related operations					2 hr
20. Action on Stop button (storing in DB, calculating distance,time,calories)				2 days
21. Step Detection											5 hr
22. Sending notification if calories less than 50000.00 (Not rounded)					1 hr
23. Showing graph for a week										1 day

Tasks Not accomplished

1. Storing calories,steps,date in Userprofile table(Some errors were showing)
2. Create an activity for user profile where user entered his age and weight
3. Show graph on values from database, but as Userprofile table was not created unable to take dynamic data.
4. Polished UI


